README.md, before:

# Truemail for Easy Digital Downloads

This plugin for WordPress adds Truemail integration to Easy Digital Downloads' checkout.

## Requirements

* PHP 7.2 or higher
* WordPress 5.x or higher
* Easy Digital Downloads 3.x
* A working/reachable instance of [TrueMail](https://truemail-rb.org/#/about)

## Installation

Releases are listed [here](https://github.com/Dan0sz/edd-truemail/releases). Download the `edd-truemail.zip` file listed
with every release in the **Assets** section to download a properly "WordPress-style" packed .zip-file.

## Configuration

This plugin's options are available under Downloads > Settings > Extensions > TrueMail:

1. Enter your Access Token, and
2. The public URL of your TrueMail instance, and
3. Hit Save.

That's it!

## How it works

This plugin adds two things to Easy Digital Downloads' checkout:

1. Instant verification/validation of the entered email address, with feedback:
    - It shows a green check in the email address field, if validation was successful.
    - It shows a orange exclamation mark, along with an error message, if validation failed.
    - In case of a timeout, it will fail silently.
2. When the **Prevent Purchase on Failure** option is enabled, users will not be able to finalize their purchase if the
   email address is incorrect. In case of a timeout, it will fail silently.

Commit message:

Re-factored edd-truemail to correct-contact.

README.md, after:

# CorrectContact for WordPress

This plugin adds email address validation to any field in any WordPress form.

## Requirements

* PHP 7.2 or higher
* WordPress 5.x or higher
* A working/reachable instance of [TrueMail](https://truemail-rb.org/#/about)

## Installation

Download the plugin and install it via the WordPress admin area.

## Configuration

This plugin's options are available under Settings > Correct Contact:

1. Enter your Access Token,
2. The public URL of your TrueMail instance,
3. Add the CSS selectors for the email fields you want to validate, and
4. Hit Save.

That's it!

## How it works

This plugin adds the following to the configured fields:

1. Instant verification/validation of the entered email address, with feedback:
    - It shows a green check in the email address field if validation was successful.
    - It shows an orange exclamation mark, along with an error message, if validation failed.
    - In case of a timeout, it will fail silently.
2. If the **Prevent Purchase on Failure** option is enabled, and the field is within an Easy Digital Downloads checkout form, users will not be able to finalize their purchase if the email address is incorrect. In case of a timeout, it will fail silently.
